This is a TODO list.

1. Add support for overlayfs
2. Create specific $TYPE settings as external sh script
3. Add feature to build ISO based on currently used OMV system -> omdv-iso.build.sh myiso name.iso ?  
   but the name can't be chosen yet. You can now choose a name building the current system is not yet possible.
   How to do this?
   rpm -qa then parse the list and pass to dnf instead of the packagae list So easy
   
4. What else ?
5. Add the ability to retain downloaded rpms so that mods and rebuilds can be done quickly when 
   bandwidth is limited or debugging is required. Done
6. Allow users to create a remove list. The point? Create a KDE spin and remove the packages you dont want. Done
7. Allow users to create a local add list. The point? Same as above. Also keeps the package lists clean. Done
8: Method of reverting to minimal if you have built a larger package. Done 
9: Separate utility that enables simple mount operations on the existing chroot. Simple utility called ./mntem has been produced.  Done
10: Diffs for user session Done
11: Investigate using solvedb as suggested by jbj made redundant by dnf
12; Make update chroot repos into a separate function done
11: Add the ability to definitively call git hub  for the package lists.   Done  
ABF finish thing so that users can call their own github repo for the lists done
12: Add flag to set the number of acceptable rpm installation failures for parallels only Done
13: Improve and consolidate logging. Done but some cleanup of old logging implementations may be required done
14. Move functions to separate file sources from the main one. They are stored in the same file but behave as is they are sourced.
15. Add the ability to use a locally stored repo. Tested in principle with urpmi
16: Generally rationalise repository loading
17: Work towards using a rpmdb type of install. 
This would allow a package list complete with dependencies to be generated which could be fed to parallels using rpm -i --nodeps 
and would allow the use of multiple instances of rpm to be run thus speeding up iso creation. All this made redundant by dnf
18. Try to build a multi-arch i686 EFI spin 
19. Provide comprehensive usage instructions for local users. Done